README.md, before:

# Autoencoders-demo

This repository contains a demo of autoencoders. [Source](https://github.com/dariocazzani/pytorch-AE)

## How to run

```sh
python train.py --config-name <config>
```

where `<config>` is a .yaml file in the `configs` folder.
- `config.yaml` for MNIST/CIFAR10 images

## Expected results
**MNIST**:

![expected result](screenshots/expected.png)

### Code Style

This repository uses pre-commit hooks with forced python formatting ([black](https://github.com/psf/black),
[flake8](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/), and [isort](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/)):

```sh
pip install pre-commit
pre-commit install
```

Whenever you execute `git commit` the files altered / added within the commit will be checked and corrected.
`black` and `isort` can modify files locally - if that happens you have to `git add` them again.
You might also be prompted to introduce some fixes manually.

To run the hooks against all files without running `git commit`:

```sh
pre-commit run --all-files
```

Commit message:

Midi 33: ECG autoencoder (#3)
* restructured

* directory creation

Co-authored-by: Tomek Roszczynialski <roszcz@users.noreply.github.com>

* suggestions

* update .gitignore

* Hydra support

* add checkpoints

* checkpoint loading test

* wandb logging

* different dataset

* section name change

* unify names

* dimensionality fix

* unify names fix

* input size on data load

* requirements

* update gitignore

* shape fix

* MIDI-33: architecture

* added config for signal training

* signal training

* visualise reconstruction

* visualization fix

* readme update

* restructure

* indirect readme update

* train fix

* ecg name fix

* ecg visualization fix

---------

Co-authored-by: Tomek Roszczynialski <roszcz@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Autoencoders-demo

This repository contains a demo of autoencoders. [Source](https://github.com/dariocazzani/pytorch-AE)

## How to run

```sh
python train.py --config-name <config>
```

where `<config>` is a .yaml file in the `configs` folder.
- use `ecg_config.yaml` for 1D signal data
- `config.yaml` for MNIST/CIFAR10 images

## Expected results
**LTAFDB**:
![Expected results](screenshots/expected.png)
**blue/green**: original signal

**red/orange**: reconstructed signal

channel 0 on the left, channel 1 on the right

**MNIST**:

![expected result](screenshots/expected_mnist.png)
## Code Style

This repository uses pre-commit hooks with forced python formatting ([black](https://github.com/psf/black),
[flake8](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/), and [isort](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/)):

```sh
pip install pre-commit
pre-commit install
```

Whenever you execute `git commit` the files altered / added within the commit will be checked and corrected.
`black` and `isort` can modify files locally - if that happens you have to `git add` them again.
You might also be prompted to introduce some fixes manually.

To run the hooks against all files without running `git commit`:

```sh
pre-commit run --all-files
```
